https://www.examtopics.com/exams/amazon/ans-c00


1.Your organizations corporate website must be available on www.acme.com and acme.com.
How should you configure Amazon Route 53 to meet this requirement?
A. Configure acme.com with an ALIAS record targeting the ELB. www.acme.com with an ALIAS record targeting the ELB.
B. Configure acme.com with an A record targeting the ELB. www.acme.com with a CNAME record targeting the acme.com record.
C. Configure acme.com with a CNAME record targeting the ELB. www.acme.com with a CNAME record targeting the acme.com record.
D. Configure acme.com using a second ALIAS record with the ELB target. www.acme.com using a PTR

It is A.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-to-elb-load-balancer.html

2. You are building an application in AWS that requires Amazon Elastic MapReduce (Amazon EMR). 
The application needs to resolve hostnames in your internal, on-premises Active Directory domain. 
You update your DHCP Options Set in the VPC to point to a pair of Active Directory integrated DNS servers running in your
VPC.
Which action is required to support a successful Amazon EMR cluster launch?
A. Add a conditional forwarder to the Amazon-provided DNS server.
B. Enable seamless domain join for the Amazon EMR cluster.
C. Launch an AD connector for the internal domain.
D. Configure an Amazon Route 53 private zone for the EMR cluster.

A is correct. The following link provides some useful info and it is fairly new (2019) compared to some other links listed on this forum. 
However, the essence is the same and it reflects the technical evolution over the last couple of years.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/resolver.htm
   upvoted 1 times
 Johnny_Green 3 weeks, 3 days ago
Correction - Just checked again, the architecture probably came out at the end of 2018 rather than 2019.


3. You have a three-tier web application with separate subnets for Web, Applications, and Database tiers. Your
CISO suspects your application will be the target of malicious activity. You are tasked with notifying the security team
 in the event your application is port scanned by external systems.
Which two AWS Services cloud you leverage to build an automated notification system? (Select two.)
A. Internet gateway
B. VPC Flow Logs
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. Lambda
E. AWS Inspector

B and D are correct. Refer to the following link: https://www.sumologic.com/insight/use-aws-vpc-flow-logs/
One of the VPC Flow Logs values is the ability to detect and block vulnerability scans against their network
 by checking for ping sweeps, port scans and other malicious activity associated with attempts to discover
 weaknesses in the network. Once the sources of such scans are identified, security admins can block them 
from further access in order to prevent intrusions. In addition, to protect your AWS platform from being port
 scanned by external systems, you can use AWS Lambda scripts to run periodically.

4. You are designing the network infrastructure for an application server in Amazon VPC. 
Users will access all the application instances from the Internet and from an on-premises network. 
The on-premises network is connected to your VPC over an AWS Direct Connect link.
How should you design routing to meet these requirements?
A. Configure a single routing table with two default routes: one to the Internet via an IGW, 
the other to the on- premises network via the VGW. Use this routing table across all subnets in your VPC.
B. Configure two routing tables: one that has a default route via the IGW, 
and another that has a default route via the VGW. Associate both routing tables with each VPC subnet.
C. Configure a single routing table with a default route via the IGW. 
Propagate a default route via BGP on the AWS Direct Connect customer router. Associate the routing table with each VPC subnet.
D. Configure a single routing table with a default route via the IGW. 
Propagate specific routes for the on- premises networks via BGP on the AWS Direct Connect customer router.
 Associate the routing table with

D is correct. A and B are off because of order of precedence, static route via the IGW has precedence over static from Dx.
C is out, bcos you're not allowed to advertise default prefix via bgp, AWS will only accept 1,000 prefixes from you.
D: specific /24 (minimum) will be advertised and you have own the IP space,which aws will validate from regional inet registries.

5. Your company decides to use Amazon S3 to augment its on-premises data store. Instead of using the companys highly controlled,
 on-premises Internet gateway, a Direct Connect connection is ordered to provide high bandwidth, low latency access to S3.
 Since the company does not own a publically routable IPv4 address block, a request was made to AWS for an AWS-owned address
 for a Public Virtual Interface (VIF).
The security team is calling this new connection a "backdoor", and you have been asked to clarify the risk to the company.
Which concern from the security team is valid and should be addressed?
A. AWS advertises its aggregate routes to the Internet allowing anyone on the Internet to reach the router.
B. Direct Connect customers with a Public VIF in the same region could directly reach the router.
C. EC2 instances in the same region with access to the Internet could directly reach the router.
D. The S3 service could reach the router through a pre-configured VPC Endpoint.

C is the right answer! AWS will advertise a Global Prefixes by default for Public Virtual Interface.
 That said, anyone using AWS Elastic IPs, Managed VPN IPs, and AWS Public Services located in any Region 
but China are reachable to your P(ublic)IF....

6. Your organization uses a VPN to connect to your VPC but must upgrade to a 1-G AWS Direct Connect connection for stability 
and performance. Your telecommunications provider has provisioned the circuit from your data center to an AWS Direct Connect 
facility and needs information on how to cross-connect (e.g., which rack/port to connect).
What is the AWS-recommended procedure for providing this information?

A. Create a support ticket. Provide your AWS account number and telecommunications companys name and where you need the Direct Connect connection to terminate.
B. Create a new connection through your AWS Management Console and wait for an email from AWS with information.
C. Ask your telecommunications provider to contact AWS through an AWS Partner Channel. Provide your AWS account number.
D. Contact an AWS Account Manager and provide your AWS account number, telecommunications

B "After you request the connection, AWS makes a Letter of Authorization and Connecting Facility Assignment (LOA-CFA) available to 
you to download, or emails you with a request for more information. If you receive a request for more information,
 you must respond within 7 days or the connection is deleted. The LOA-CFA is the authorization to connect to AWS,
 and is required by your network provider to order a cross connect for you.
 If you do not have equipment in the AWS Direct Connect location, you cannot order a cross connect for yourself there."


7. You manage a web service that is used by client applications deployed in 300 offices worldwide.
 The web service architecture is an Elastic Load balancer (ELB) distributing traffic across four application servers deployed in 
an autoscaling group across two availability zones.
The ELB is configured to use round robin, and sticky sessions are disabled. 
You have configured the NACLs and Security Groups to allow port 22 from your bastion host, and port 80 from 0.0.0.0/0. 
The client configuration is managed by each regional IT team.
Upon inspection you find that a large amount of requests from incorrectly configured sites are causing a single application server 
to degrade. The remainder of the requests are equally distributed across all servers with no negative effects.
What should you do to remedy the situation and prevent future occurrences?

A. Mark the affected instance as degraded in the ELB and raise it with the client application team.
B. Update the NACL to only allow port 80 to the application servers from the ELB servers.
C. Update the Security Groups to only allow port 80 to the application servers from the ELB.
D. Terminate the affected instance and allow Auto Scaling to create a new instance.

Consider that the question is not say if the Instances are in a public o private subnet.
A. No
B. If you close 22 port, you lost access to ec2 instances and probably the problem persist (maybe attack 80 port)
C. Correct. Because is a good practice, is more secure. Delete risk attack.
D. Problem could be repeat.

8. A multinational organization has applications deployed in three different AWS regions. 
These applications must securely communicate with each other by VPN. According to the organizations security team, 
the VPN must meet the following requirements:
✑ AES 128-bit encryption

SHA-1 hashing -

✑ User access via SSL VPN
✑ PFS using DH Group 2
✑ Ability to maintain/rotate keys and passwords
✑ Certificate-based authentication
Which solution should you recommend so that the organization meets the requirements?

A. AWS hardware VPN between the virtual private gateway and customer gateway
B. A third-party VPN solution deployed from AWS Marketplace
C. A private MPLS solution from an international carrier
D. AWS hardware VPN between the virtual private gateways in each region

Correct Answer is B because AWS based Hardware VPN doesn't have the ability to change password/rotate
 keys and use certificate based auth. One can get these advance VPN features from third-party VPN software
 available in the AWS Marketplace and install that in a EC2 instance in all the regions.


9.You have three VPCs: A, B, and C. VPCs A and C are both peered with VPC B. The IP address ranges are as follows:
✑ VPC A: 10.0.0.0/16
✑ VPC B: 192.168.0.0/16
✑ VPC C: 10.0.0.0/16
Instance i-1 in VPC A has the IP address 10.0.0.10. Instance i-2 in VPC C has the IP address 10.0.0.10.
Instances i-3 and i-4 in VPC B have the IP addresses 192.168.1.10 and 192.168.1.20, respectively, i-3 and i-4 are in the subnet 192.168.1.0/24.
✑ i-3 must be able to communicate with i-1
✑ i-4 must be able to communicate with i-2
✑ i-3 and i-4 are able to communicate with i-1, but not with i-2.
Which two steps will fix this problem? (Select two.)
A. Create subnets 192.168.1.0/28 and 192.168.1.16/28. Move i-3 and i-4 to these subnets, respectively.
B. Create subnets 192.168.1.0/27 and 192.168.1.16/27. Move i-3 and i-4 to these subnets, respectively.
C. Change the IP address of i-2 to 10.0.0.100. Assign it an elastic IP address.
D. Create a new route table for VPC B, with unique route entries for destination VPC A and destination VPC C.
E. Create two route tables: one with a route for destination VPC A, and another for destination VPC C.

Reconsider my answers above as follows. First let's remember the following -
 "A route table can be associated with multiple subnets. However, a subnet can only be associated with one route table at a time."

Answer E cannot be the correct answer because it creates two route tables for VPC B 
which is not allowed. Since Answer A has already created two smaller non-overlapping subnets 
(192.168.1.0/28 and 192.168.1.16/28) for VPC A and VPC C respectively,
 Answer D appears to be the correct answer. 
Please refer to the following link for more details:
 https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/peering-configurations-partial-access.html



10.A legacy, on-premises web application cannot be load balances effectively. There are both planned and unplanned events that cause usage spikes to millions of concurrent users. The existing infrastructure cannot handle the usage spikes. The CIO has mandated that the application be moved to the cloud to avoid further disruptions, with the additional requirement that source IP addresses be unaltered to support network traffic- monitoring needs. Which of the following designs will meet these requirements?
A. Use an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances behind a Classic Load Balancer.
B. Use an Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances in a target group behind an Application Load Balancer.
C. Use an Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances in a target group behind a Classic Load Balancer.
D. Use an Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances in a target group behind a Network Load Balancer.

1. consider use: AWS Bring Your Own IP (BYOIP), to conserve source IP.
2. Create Elastic Network Interface with source IP
3. Use Elastic IP with network load balancer
D , because "usage spikes to millions" i.e. extreme traffic.
Answe: D


11. An organization processes consumer information submitted through its website. The organizations security policy requires that personally identifiable information (PII) elements are specifically encrypted at all times and as soon as feasible when received. The front-end Amazon EC2 instances should not have access to decrypted PII. A single service within the production VPC must decrypt the PII by leveraging an iAM role.
Which combination of services will support these requirement? (Select two.)
A. Amazon Aurora in a private subnet
B. Amazon CloudFront using AWS Lambda@Edge
C. Customer-managed MySQL with Transparent Data Encryption
D. Application Load Balancer using HTTPS listeners and targets
E. AWS Key Management Services

Answer: B, E
Have the website write PII to S3 via CLoudFront/Lambda@Edge into an S3 bucket, encrypted using KMS keys.
Have the website call for the PII via CloudFront/Lambda@Edge, using KMS to decrypt the S3 objects.
A - incorrect - huh?
B - correct
C - incorrect - If the EC2 instance uses a role to encrypt the PII, it must also use that same role to decrypt the PII - thus storing it in whatever system effectively gives it access read the data
D - incorrect - (sort of) - HTTPS is also possible via CloudFront, which makes this answer redundant
E - correct - KMS to encrypt/decrypt

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/serving-sse-kms-encrypted-content-from-s3-using-cloudfront/


12.A Lambda function needs to access the private address of an Amazon ElastiCache cluster in a VPC. The
Lambda function also needs to write messages to Amazon SQS. The Lambda function has been configured to run in a subnet in the VPC.
Which of the following actions meet the requirements? (Select two.)
A. The Lambda function needs an IAM role to access Amazon SQS
B. The Lambda function must route through a NAT gateway or NAT instance in another subnet to access the public SQS API.
C. The Lambda function must be assigned a public IP address to access the public Amazon SQS API.
D. The ElastiCache server outbound security group rules must be configured to permit the Lambda functions security group.
E. The Lambda function must consume auto-assigned public IP addresses but not elastic IP addresses.

Lambda access private IP of EC cluster.
Lambda write messages to SQS.
Lambda in a VPC subnet.
C. Nope.
D. Nope.
E. Nope.
A. Yes. IAM permissions required to access services.
B. Yes. NAT function is the method use.
Summary. Assigning Public IPs to Lambda can be done, once the ENI for Lambda is created you can assign a public IP. It's not recommended as a race condition can occur where multiple ENIs are then created for a single IP. NAT GW or NAT instance or VPC are recommended official solutions. Access private address of cluster is a misdirect.
Answer is AB.

13. You are deploying an EC2 instance in a private subnet that requires access to the Internet. 
One of the requirements for this solution is to restrict access to only particular URLs on a whitelist. 
In addition to the whitelisted URL, the instances should be able to access any Amazon S3 bucket in the same region via any
URL.
Which of the following solutions should you deploy? (Select two.)

A. Include s3.amazonaws.com in the whitelist.
B. Create a VPC endpoint for S3.
C. Run Squid proxy on a NAT instance.
D. Deploy a NAT gateway into your VPC.
E. Utilize a security group to restrict access.

Answer: B,C

A - incorrect - missing region: s3.<region>.amazonaws.com
B - correct - EC2->VPC Endpoint->S3 bucket (S3 endpoints can access buckets in specified region only. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-endpoints-s3.html)
C - correct - EC2->NAT Instance->Squid Proxy+Whitelists/Blacklists->Internet->Allowed sites/URLs
D - incorrect - doesn't enable whitelisting, but allows all internet access
E - incorrect - doesn't enable whitelisting on URLs, also can't deny anything (use NACLs) -
 both require code to constantly update allow, allow/deny rules

14. Your company runs an HTTPS application using an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer/PHP 
on nginx server/RDS in multiple Availability Zones. You need to apply Geographic Restriction and identify 
the clients IP address in your application to generate dynamic content.
How should you utilize AWS services in a scalable fashion to perform this task?

A. Modify the nginx log configuration to record value in X-Forwarded-For
 and use CloudFront to apply the Geographic Restriction.
B. Enable ELB access logs to store the client IP address and parse these to dynamically modify a blacklist.
C. Use X-Forwarded-For with security groups to apply the Geographic Restriction.
D. Modify the application code to use value of X-Forwarded-For and CloudFront to apply the Geographic

D - easy to look this one up.

ttps://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/georestrictions.html

15. You run a well-architected, multi-AZ application in the eu-central-1 (Frankfurt) AWS region.
 The application is hosted in a VPC and is only accesses from the corporate network. 
To support large volumes of data transfer and administration of the application,
 you use a single 10-Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection with multiple private virtual interfaces. 
As part of a review, you decide to improve the resilience of your connection to AWS and make sure that
 any additional connectivity does not share the same Direct Connect routers at AWS.
 You need to provide the best levels of resilience to meet the applications needs.
Which two options should you consider? (Select two.)

A. Install a second 10-Gbps Direct Connect connection to the same Direct Connection location.
B. Deploy an IPsec VPN over a public virtual interface on a new 10-Gbps Direct Connect connection.
C. Install a second 10-Gbps Direct Connect connection to a Direct Connect location in eu-west-1.
D. Deploy an IPsec VPN over the Internet to the eu-west-1 region for diversity.
E. Install a second 10-Gbps Direct Connect connection to a second Direct Connect location for eu-central-1.

A E, surely.
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/directconnect/resiliency-recommendation/

16. You currently use a single security group assigned to all nodes in a clustered NoSQL database. 
Only your cluster members in one region must be able to connect to each other. 
This security group uses a self- referencing rule using the cluster security groups group-id to make it easier
 to add or remove nodes from the cluster. 
You need to make this database comply with out-of-region disaster recovery requirements and 
ensure that the network traffic between the nodes is encrypted when travelling between regions. 
How should you enable secure cluster communication while deploying additional cluster members in another AWS region?

A. Create an IPsec VPN between AWS regions, use private IP addresses to route traffic, 
and create cluster security group rules that reference each others security group-id in each region.
B. Create an IPsec VPN between AWS regions, use private IP addresses to route traffic, 
and create cluster security group CIDR-based rules that correspond with the VPC CIDR in the other region.
C. Use public IP addresses and TLS to securely communicate between cluster nodes in each AWS region,
 and create cluster security group CIDR-based rules that correspond with the VPC CIDR in the other region.
D. Use public IP addresses and TLS to securely communicate between cluster nodes in each AWS region,

 Answer is B. Security Groups are regional (cannot span multiple regions).

17. You have to set up an AWS Direct Connect connection to connect your on-premises to an AWS VPC. 
Due to budget requirements, you can only provision a single Direct Connect port. 
You have two border gateway routers at your on-premises data center that can peer with the Direct Connect routers for redundancy.
Which two design methodologies, in combination, will achieve this connectivity? (Select two.)

A. Terminate the Direct Connect circuit on a L2 border switch, which in turn has trunk connections to the two routers.
B. Create two Direct Connect private VIFs for the same VPC, each with a different peer IP.
C. Terminate the Direct Connect circuit on any of the one routers, which in turn will have an IBGP session with the other router.
D. Create one Direct Connect private VIF for the VPC with two customer peer IPs.
E. Provision two VGWs for the VPC and create one Direct Connect private VIF per VGW.

A- Correct
B- Correct
C- Doesn't make any value with redundancy
D- You cannot create 1 VIF with 2 different customer peer IP
E- You can only have one VGW per 

18. Your organization needs to resolve DNS entries stored in an Amazon Route 53 private zone
"awscloud:internal" from the corporate network. An AWS Direct Connect connection with a private virtual interface
 is configured to provide access to a VPC with the CIDR block 192.168.0.0/16. A DNS Resolver
(BIND) is configured on an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance with the IP address 192.168.10.5 
within the VPC. The DNS Resolver has standard root server hints configured and conditional forwarding for
"awscloud.internal" to the IP address 192.168.0.2.

From your PC on the corporate network, you query the DNS server at 192.168.10.5 for www.amazon.com. 
The query is successful and returns the appropriate response. When you query for "server.awscloud.internal", t
he query times out. You receive no response.
How should you enable successful queries for "server.awscloud.internal"?

A. Attach an internet gateway to the VPC and create a default route.
B. Configure the VPC settings for enableDnsHostnames and enableDnsSupport as True
C. Relocate the BIND DNS Resolver to the corporate network.
D. Update the security group for the EC2 instance at 192.168.10.5 to allow UDP Port 53 outbound.

Inside AWS VPC, 192.168.0.2 is reserved to DNS
"B" is correct.

19. Your company’s policy requires that all VPCs peer with a "common services: VPC. 
This VPC contains a fleet of layer 7 proxies and an Internet gateway. No other VPC is allowed to provision an Internet gateway. 
You configure a new VPC and peer with the common service VPC as required by policy. You launch an Amazon
EC2. Windows instance configured to forward all traffic to the layer 7 proxies in the common services VPC.
The application on this server should successfully interact with Amazon S3 using its properly configured AWS
Identity and Access Management (IAM) role. However, Amazon S3 is returning 403 errors to the application.
Which step should you take to enable access to Amazon S3?

A. Update the S3 bucket policy with the private IP address of the instance.
B. Exclude 169.254.169.0/24 from the instance’s proxy configuration.
C. Configure a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the same subnet as the instance.
D. Update the CORS configuration for Amazon S3 to allow traffic from the proxy.

Answer is B
"If you configure a proxy on an Amazon EC2 instance launched with an attached IAM role,
 ensure that you exempt the address used to access the instance metadata.
 To do this, set the NO_PROXY environment variable to the IP address of the instance metadata service, 
169.254.169.254. This address does not vary."

20. A customer is using ABC Telecom as a network provider. The customer has 10 different offices connected to
ABC Telecoms MPLS backbone. The customer is setting up an AWS Direct Connect connection to AWS and has provided the 
LOA-CFA to ABC Telecom. ABC Telecom has terminated the Direct Connect circuit into their
MPLS backbone. To uniquely identify the customers traffic over the MPLS backbone, the customer must encapsulate all traffic 
with VLAN tag 100. The customer wants to send traffic to multiple VPCs.
Which two steps should be taken to meet the customers requirement? (Select two.)

A. The customer performs Q-in-Q tunneling, with the AWS-required VLAN tag in the inside and VLAN 100 as the outside tag.
B. Create a support ticket with AWS to request the removal of the outer VLAN tag 100 as the traffic reaches AWS routers.
C. Send the traffic for all VPCs with the same VLAN tag 100 and use BGP to ensure that proper routing takes place to the appropriate VPC.
D. ABC Telecom removes the other tag before sending the packet to AWS.
E. ABC Telecom creates a support ticket with AWS to exchange MPLS labels and include the AWS port as

A and D
Each hosted connection is assigned a VLAN on creation by the partner. 
Each VIF on a given connection requires a unique VLAN tag that can be provisioned only by the partner.

21. An organization runs a consumer-facing website on AWS. The Amazon EC2-based web fleet is load balanced 
using the AWS Application Load Balancer, Amazon Route 53 is used to provide the public DNS services.
The following URLs need to server content to end users:
test.example.com
web.example.com
example.com
Based on this information, what combination of services must be used to meet the requirement? (Select two.)

A. Path condition in ALB listener to route example.com to appropriate target groups.
B. Host condition in ALB listener to route *.example.com to appropriate target groups.
C. Host condition a ALB listener to route example.com to appropriate target groups.
D. Path condition in ALB listener to route *.example.com to appropriate target groups.
E. Host condition in ALB listener to route $$$$.example.com to appropriate target groups.

Host conditions must be used, so B and C,
A is incorrect PATH condition
E is incorrect because not valid format
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-listeners.html

22. Under increased cybersecurity concerns, a company is deploying a near real-time intrusion detection system
(IDS) solution. A system must be put in place as soon as possible. The architecture consists of many AWS accounts,
 and all results must be delivered to a central location.
Which solution will meet this requirement, while minimizing downtime and costs?

A. Deploy a third-party vendor solution to perform deep packet inspection in a transit VPC.
B. Enable VPV Flow Logs on each VPC. Set up a stream of the flow logs to a central Amazon Elasticsearch cluster.
C. Enable Amazon Macie on each AWS account and configure central reporting.
D. Enable Amazon GuardDuty on each account as members of a central account.

Correction. It is D. Guard Duty. "Near Real Time Detection" "Must be put in place as soon as possible". 
These statements points to GUARD DUTY. Answer A talks about Deep Packet Inspection which although helpful
 and close is NOT requirement of question.

23. An organization delivers high-resolution, dynamic web content. Internet users access the content from a variety of platforms,
 including mobile, tablet and desktop. Each platform receives a customized experience to account for the differences in viewing modes.
 A dedicated, automatic-scaling fleet of Amazon EC2 instances is used for each platform to server content based on path-based headers.
Which combination of services will MINIMIZE cost and MAXIMIZE performance? (Select two.)

A. Amazon CloudFront with Lambda@Edge
B. Network Load Balancer
C. Amazon S3 static websites
D. Amazon Route 53 with traffic flow policies
E. Application Load Balancer

A: The question states that "internet users" will use the service, therefore CloudFront required.
B: No appropriated for path-based headers
C: Dynamic content needed, not static.
D: R53 ok, but not path-preferred proposed
E: This is OK. Is the only one clear for me.
Conclusion: A and E

24. You need to set up a VPN between AWS VPC and your on-premises network. You create a VPN connection 
in the AWS Management Console, download the configuration file, and install it on your on-premises router. 
The tunnel is not coming up because of firewall restrictions on your router.
 Which two network traffic options should you allow through the firewall? (Select two.)

A. UDP port 500
B. IP protocol 50
C. IP protocol 5
D. TCP port 50
E. TCP port 500

 the ans should be AB
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/adminguide/Introduction.html#FirewallRules

25. You have been asked to monitor traffic flows on your Amazon EC2 instance.
 You will be performing deep packet inspection, looking for atypical patterns.
Which tool will enable you to look at this data?

A. Wireshark
B. VPC Flow Logs
C. AWS CLI
D. CloudWatch Logs

Answer is A . DEEP PACKET INSPECTION on your EC2


26. You ping an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance from an on-premises server. VPC Flow Logs record the following:
2 123456789010 eni-1235b8ca 10.123.234.78 172.11.22.33 0 0 1 8 672 1432917027
1432917142 ACCEPT OK
2 123456789010 eni-1235b8ca 172.11.22.33 10.123.234.78 0 0 1 4 336 1432917027
1432917082 ACCEPT OK
2 123456789010 eni-1235b8ca 172.11.22.33 10.123.234.78 0 0 1 4 336 1432917094
1432917142 REJECT OK
Why are ICMP responses not received by the on-premises system?

A. The inbound network access control list is blocking the traffic
B. The outbound network access control list is blocking the traffic
C. The inbound security group is blocking the traffic.
D. The outbound security group is blocking the traffic.

Answer is B, we have TWO accepts, so B is correct.
Ref: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/flow-logs-records-examples.html

If your network ACL permits outbound ICMP traffic, the flow log displays two ACCEPT records
 (one for the originating ping and one for the response ping). 
If your security group denies inbound ICMP traffic, the flow log displays a single REJECT record, 
because the traffic was not permitted to reach your instance.

27. You are moving a two-tier application into an Amazon VPC. 
An Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer is configured in from of the application tier. 
The application tier is driven through RESTful interfaces. The data tier uses relational database service (RDS) MySQL. 
Company policy requires end-to-end encryption of all data in transit.
What ELB configuration complies with the corporate encryption policy?

A. Configure the ELB load balancer protocol as HTTP. Configure the application instances for SSL termination.
 Configure Amazon RDS for SSL, and use REQUIRE SSL grants.
B. Configure the ELB protocols in TCP mode. Configure the application instances for SSL termination.
 Configure Amazon RDS for SSL, and use REQUIRE SSL grants.
C. Configure the ELB load balancer protocol as HTTPS. Offload application instance encryption to the load balancer. 
Install your SSL certificate on Amazon RDS, and configure SSL.
D. Configure the ELB protocols in SSL mode. Offload application instance encryption to the load balancer.

Answer is B, ELB cannot re-encrypt https traffic. So working at tcp level and leaving decrypting to App servers solve the problem.

28. Your application is hosted behind an Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) within an autoscaling group. 
The autoscaling group is configured with a minimum of 2, a maximum of 14, and a desired value of 2. 
The autoscaling cooldown and the termination policies are set to the default value.
CloudWatch reports that the site typically requires just two servers, but spikes at the start and end of the business day 
can require eight to ten servers. You receive intermittent reports of timeouts and partially loaded web pages.
Which configuration change should you make to address this issue?

A. Configure connection draining on the ELB.
B. Configure the autoscaling cooldown to 600 seconds.
C. Configure the termination policy to oldest instance.
D. Configure a Terminating: Wait lifecycle hook on a scale in event.

"timeout of partially loaded pages" => the instance that users are connecting to is terminated due to scale in.
=> Enable connection draining, A is correct.

29. You are designing an AWS Direct Connect solution into your VPC. You need to consider requirements for the customer router
 to terminate the Direct Connect link at the Direct Connect location.
Which three factors that must be supported should you consider when choosing the customer router? (Select three.)

A. 802.1q trunking
B. 802.1ax or 802.3ad link aggregation
C. OSPF
D. BGP
E. single-mode optical fiber connectivity
F. 1-Gbps copper connectivity

ADE (VLAN, BGP, fiber optic)

30. Your company uses an NTP server to synchronize time across systems. The company runs multiple versions of Linux and 
Windows systems. You discover that the NTP server has failed, and you need to add an alternate
NTP server to your instances.
Where should you apply the NTP server update to propagate information without rebooting your running instances?

A. DHCP Options Set
B. instance user-data
C. cfn-init scripts
D. instance meta-data

The answer is A
ANS:A
After you associate a new set of DHCP options with a VPC, any existing instances and all new instances 
that you launch in the VPC use these options. You don't need to restart or relaunch the instances. 
They automatically pick up the changes within a few hours, depending on how frequently the instance renews its DHCP lease. 
If you want, you can explicitly renew the lease using the operating system on the instance.

31. Your company has set up AWS Direct Connect to connect on-premises to an Amazon VPC instance. Two
Direct Connect connections terminate at two different Direct Connect locations. You are using two routers, R1 and R2,
 at your end (one of each Direct Connect connection). R1 and R2 do NOT have connectivity between them. 
Both routers advertise the same routers over BGP to the VGW. 
You have a stateful firewall on each router. The routers drop some of the traffic coming from the VPC.
Which two actions should you take to fix this problem? (Select two.)

A. Use BGP AS prepend attribute to prepend additional AS numbers while advertising routers from R1 to VGW.
B. Use BGP local preference attribute to assign R1 to a lower local preference number than R2.
C. Use BGP local preference attribute to assign R1 a higher local preference number than R2.
D. Use BGP MED attribute to assign a higher MED value to the routes advertised R1 to VGW.
E. Use BGP MED attribute to assign a higher MED value to the routes advertised from R2 to VGW.


BGP 101. In order of evaluation.
1. Local Prerf = higher value more preferred.
2. AS-Path.
3. MED. Lower value preferred.

Finding a solution for R1 is not possible, so focus on R2 as primary router.
A. Yes. Make path to R1 longer.
B. Yes. Lower Pref on R1 makes R2 more preferred.
C. Nope.
D. Decision MED is too far out.
E. Decision MED is too far out.
Summary. AWS VGW will see path to R1 is longer = less preferred - so use R2.
Local Pref to lower value = less preferred route.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpn/latest/s2svpn/VPNRoutingTypes.html

32. An organization will be expanding its current network design. When fully built out, there will be 99 VPCs spread across 
11 AWS accounts (9 VPCs per account). There is currently an AWS Direct Connect connection into one account with 9 VPCs, 
each with a virtual network interface (VIF) per VPC.
Which of the following designs will minimize cost while allowing the organization to expand?

A. Order 10 new Direct Connect connections, one from each of the accounts that will be provisioned.
 Create private VIFs in each account. Attach one private VIF per VPC.
B. Create a public VIF on the Direct Connect connection. Leverage the public VIF to create a VPN connection to each VPC.
C. Create hosted private VIFs in the existing account. Connect a private VIF to an AWS Direct Connect gateway in each account
. Connect the gateway in each account to the VPCs.
D. Create a transit VPC in the existing account that consists of two routers in separate Availability Zones.

D is the answer. I found this article which discusses a similar scenario: 
https://medium.com/driven-by-code/aws-transit-gateway-routing-in-multiple-accounts-713b10ca7b34
Reconsider my answer above. Further investigation indicates C should be the answer.
 The only sticking point is that within each account, a Direct Connect Gateway does not allow gateway associations
 that are on the same Direct Connect gateway to send traffic to each other (e.g. a virtual private gateway to another 
virtual private gateway). This can be a problem but since the question itself didn't mention any such requirement, 
I would still pick C as the answer.

33. An organization with a growing e-commerce presence uses the AWS CloudHSM to offload the SSL/TLS processing 
of its web server fleet. The company leverages Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling for web servers to handle the growth.
 What architectural approach is optimal to scale the encryption operation?

A. Use multiple CloudHSM instances, and load balance them using a Network Load Balancer.
B. Use multiple CloudHSM instances to the cluster;request to it will automatically load balance.
C. Enable Auto Scaling on the CloudHSM instance, with similar configuration to the web tier Auto Scaling group.
D. Use multiple CloudHSM instances, and load balance them using an Application Load Balancer.

answer is B. automatically load balance when an instance is request 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloudhsm/latest/userguide/clusters.html#cluster-high-availability-load-balancing

34. A company has 225 mobile and desktop devices and 300 partner VPNs that need access to an AWS VPC.
VPN users should not be able to reach one another. Which approach will meet the technical and security requirements 
while minimizing costs?

A. Use the AWS IPsec VPN for the mobile, desktop, and partner VPN connections.
 Use network access control lists (Network ACLs) and security groups to maintain routing separation.
B. Use the AWS IPsec VPN for the partner VPN connections. Use an Amazon EC2 instance VPN for the mobile and desktop devices. 
Use Network ACLs and security groups to maintain routing separation.
C. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between on-premises and AWS Use a public virtual interface to connect to
 the AWS IPsec VPN for the mobile, desktop, and partner VPN connections.
D. Use an Amazon EC2 instance VPN for the desktop, mobile, and partner VPN connections. Use features of

B seems to make some sense but there are two issues: 
1) "Use Network ACLs and security groups to maintain routing separation" does not apply to the edges;
 2) VPN connections per VPC = 50. Therefore, we are left with D.

35. Your company needs to leverage Amazon Simple Storage Solution (S3) for backup and archiving. 
According to company policy, data should not flow on the public Internet even if data is encrypted. You have set up two
S3 buckets in us-east-1 and us-west-2. Your company data center is located on the West Coast of the United
States. The design must be cost-effective and enable minimal latency.
Which design should you set up?

A. An AWS Direct Connect connection to us-east-1 and a Direct Connect connection to us-west-2.
B. An AWS Direct Connect connection to us-east-1.
C. An AWS Direct Connect connection to us-west-2.
D. An AWS Direct Connect connection to us-west-2 and a VPN connection to us-east-1.

Agreed with ohcan it should be C because with a DX public VIF users will be able to access 
all S3 buckets no need to purchase a second DX connection

36. Your organization runs a popular e-commerce application deployed on AWS that uses autoscaling in 
conjunction with an Elastic Load balancing (ELB) service with an HTTPS.
 Your security team reports that an exploitable vulnerability has been discovered in the encryption protocol 
and cipher that your site uses.
Which step should you take to fix this problem?

A. Generate new SSL certificates for all web servers and replace current certificates.
B. Change the security policy on the ELB to disable vulnerable protocols and ciphers.
C. Generate new SSL certificates and use ELB to front-end the encrypted traffic for all web servers.
D. Leverage your current configuration management system to update SSL policy on all web servers.

If the SSL offload happens at ELB, correct answer is B - vulnerable ciphers and protocols can be removed on the security policy

37. Your organization leverages an IP Address Management (IPAM) product to manage IP address distribution.
The IPAM exposes an API. Development teams use CloudFormation to provision approved reference architectures. 
At deployment time, IP addresses must be allocated to the VPC. When the VPC is deleted, the
IPAM must reclaim the VPCs IP allocation.
Which method allows for efficient, automated integration of the IPAM with CloudFormation?

A. AWS CloudFormation parameters using the "Ref::" intrinsic function
B. AWS CloudFormation custom resource using an AWS Lambda invocation.
C. CloudFormation::OpsWorks::Stack with custom Chef configuration.
D. AWS CloudFormation parameters using the "Fn::FindInMap" intrinsic function.

I am leaning towards B. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-cfn-customresource.html

38. You need to set up an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance for an application that requires the lowest latency 
and the highest packet-per-second network performance. The application will talk to other servers in a peered VPC.
Which two of the following components should be part of the design? (Select two.)

A. Select an instance with support for single root I/O virtualization.
B. Select an instance that has support for multiple ENAs.
C. Ensure that the instance supports jumbo frames and set 9001 MTU.
D. Select an instance with Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)-optimization.
E. Ensure that proper OS drivers are installed.

Answers: A&E.
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/faqs/
(A) SR-IOV is a method of device virtualization that provides higher I/O performance and lower CPU utilization compared to
 traditional implementations. For supported Amazon EC2 instances, this feature provides higher packet per second (PPS) performance, 
lower inter-instance latencies, and very low network jitter.
(E) In order to enable this feature, you must launch an HVM AMI with the appropriate drivers.

39. You are configuring a virtual interface for access to your VPC on a newly provisioned 1-Gbps AWS Direct
Connect connection. Which two configuration values do you need to provide? (Select two.)
A. Public AS number
B. VLAN ID
C. IP prefixes to advertise
D. Direct Connect location
E. Virtual private gateway

B & E are Correct..
Sorry... I was thinking from a BGP Configuration perspective.
Refer:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/UserGuide/getting_started.html

40. A corporate network routing table contains 624 individual RFC 1918 and public IP prefixes. You have two AWS
Direct Connect connectors. You configure a private virtual interface on both connections to a virtual private gateway. 
The virtual private gateway is not currently attached to a VPC. Neither BGP session wall maintain state on the customer router.
 The AWS Management Console reports the private virtual
What could you do to address the problem so that the AWS Management Console reports the private virtual
?

A. Attach the virtual private gateway to a VPC and enable route propagation.
B. Filter the public IP pre?xes on the corporate network from the private virtual interface.
C. Change the BGP advertisements from the corporate network to only be a default route.
D. Attach the second virtual interface to an alternative virtual private gateway.

Answer is C,Even though you connect the VGW and enable route propagation the routes are over 100.
so the BGP session would be down

41. Your company maintains an Amazon Route 53 private hosted zone. DNS resolution is restricted to a single, pre-existing VPC.
 For a new application deployment, you create an additional VPC in the same AWS account.
Both this new VPC and your on-premises DNS infrastructure must resolve records in the existing private hosted zone.
Which two activities are required to enable DNS resolution both within the new VPC and from the on-premises infrastructure? (Select two.)

A. Update the DHCP options set for the new VPC with the Route 53 nameserver IP addresses.
B. Update the Route 53 private hosted zone’s VPC associations to include the new VPC.
C. Launch Amazon EC2-based DNS proxies in the new VPC. Specify the proxies as forwarders in the on- premises DNS.
D. Update the on-premises DNS to include forwarders to the Route 53 nameserver IP addresses.
E. Launch Amazon EC2-based DNS proxies in the new VPC. Specify the proxies in the DHCP options set.

B and C
B = associate the Hzone with the new vpc.
C and not D because you cant communicate with the vpc aws dns ip from the on prem. only via a proxy.

42. A department in your company has created a new account that is not part of the organizations consolidated billing family.
 The department has also created a VPC for its workload. Access is restricted by network access control lists to the departments
 on-premises private IP allocation. An AWS Direct Connect private virtual interface for this VPC advertises a default route
 to the company network. When the department downloads data from an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud(EC2) instance in its new VPC, 
what are the associated charges?

A. The company pays Internet Data Out charges.
B. The company pays AWS Direct Connect Data Out charges.
C. The department pays Internet Data Out charges.
D. The department pays AWS Direct Connect Data Out charges.

- not in consolidated billing
- route to own VPC to a private IP address via own Private IF
"After creating a VIF, AWS Direct Connect data transfer charges then apply and are charged to the account that owns the VIF. 
The account that owns the VIF can be different from the account that owns the AWS Direct Connect connection." 
- Straight from the Study Guide.

Answer is D.

43. An organization will be extending its existing on-premises infrastructure into the cloud. The design consists of a transit VPC
 that contains stateful firewalls that will be deployed in a highly available configuration across two
Availability Zones for automatic failover.
What MUST be configured for this design to work? (Select two.)

A. A different Autonomous System Number (ASN) for each firewall.
B. Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing
C. Autonomous system (AS) path prepending
D. Static routing
E. Equal-cost multi-path routing (ECMP)

Agree with BC. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/cisco-based-transit-vpc/appendix-a.html

44. A company is about to migrate an application from its on-premises data center to AWS. As part of the planning process,
 the following requirements involving DNS have been identified.
✑ On-premises systems must be able to resolve the entries in an Amazon Route 53 private hosted zone.
✑ Amazon EC2 instances running in the organizations VPC must be able to resolve the DNS names of on- premises systems
The organizations VPC uses the CIDR block 172.16.0.0/16.
Assuming that there is no DNS namespace overlap, how can these requirements be met?

A. Change the DHCP options set for the VPC to use both the Amazon-provided DNS server and the on- premises DNS systems.
 Configure the on-premises DNS systems with a stub-zone, delegating the name server 172.16.0.2 as authoritative for the Route 53 private hosted zone.
B. Deploy and configure a set of EC2 instances into the company VPC to act as DNS proxies. Configure the proxies to forward queries for
 the on-premises domain to the on-premises DNS systems, and forward all other queries to 172.16.0.2. 
Change the DHCP options set for the VPC to use the new DNS proxies.
 Configure the on-premises DNS systems with a stub-zone, delegating the name server 172.16.0.2 as authoritative for the Route 53 private hosted zone.
C. Deploy and configure a set of EC2 instances into the company VPC to act as DNS proxies. 
Configure the proxies to forward queries for the on-premises domain to the on-premises DNS systems,
 and forward all other queries to the Amazon-provided DNS server (172.16.0.2). 
Change the DHCP options set for the VPC to use the new DNS proxies.
 Configure the on-premises DNS systems with a stub-zone, delegating the proxies as authoritative for the Route 53 private hosted zone.
D. Change the DHCP options set for the VPC to use both the on-premises DNS systems. 
Configure the on- premises DNS systems with a stub-zone, delegating the Route 53 private hosted zones name servers as

C: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-set-up-dns-resolution-between-on-premises-networks-and-aws-by-using-unbound/

45. The Web Application Development team is worried about malicious activity from 200 random IP addresses.
Which action will ensure security and scalability from this type of threat?

A. Use inbound security group rules to block the IP addresses.
B. Use inbound network ACL rules to block the IP addresses.
C. Use AWS WAF to block the IP addresses.
D. Write iptables rules on the instance to block the IP addresse

Ans is C
"Random" IPs so you cannot scalably put rules in NACLs, 
also not best practice for AWS to have that large amount of NACLs.
"AWS WAF, which functions like a typical web application firewall, 
but with the added reliability and scalability that comes with being an AWS-managed service."

46. You operate a production VPC with both a public and a private subnet. 
Your organization maintains a restricted Amazon S3 bucket to support this production workload. 
Only Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnet should access the bucket. 
You implement VPC endpoints(VPC-E) for Amazon S3 and remove the NAT that previously provided a network path to Amazon S3.
 The default VPC-E policy is applied. Neither EC2 instances in the public or private subnets are able to access the S3 bucket.
What should you do to enable Amazon S3 access from EC2 instances in the private subnet?

A. Add the CIDR address range of the private subnet to the S3 bucket policy.
B. Add the VPC-E identified to the S3 bucket policy.
C. Add the VPC identifier for the production VPC to the S3 bucket policy.
D. Add the VPC-E identifier for the production VPC to endpoint policy.

B is the right answer. Here you can check some examples about 
how to set S3 policies based on VPC-E origin: https://docs.aws.ama

47. Your hybrid networking environment consists of two application VPCs, a shared services VPC, and your corporate network.
 The corporate network is connected to the shared services VPC via an IPsec VPN with dynamic (BGP) routing enabled.
The applications require access to a common authentication service in the shared services VPC.
 You need to enable native network access from the corporate network to both application VPCs.
Which step should you take to meet the requirements?

A. Use VPC peering to peer the application VPCs with the shared services VPC, 
and enable associated routing in the shared services VPC via the corporate VPN.
B. Configure an IPsec VPN between the virtual private gateway in each application VPC 
to the virtual private gateway in the shared services VPC.
C. Configure additional IPsec VPNs for each application VPC back to the corporate network, 
and enable VPC peering to the shared services VPC.
D. Enable CloudHub functionality to route traffic between the three VPCs and the corporate network using

Answer is C.
A, cannot associate route table to onprem with peering.
B, VPN from VGW to VGW won't work. Need EC2 VPN or Onprem VPN to initiate the connection.
D, CloudHub is for one VPC to multiple onprem sites.

48. You use a VPN to extend your corporate network into a VPC. Instances in the VPC are able to
 resolve resource records in an Amazon Route 53 private hosted zone. Your on-premises DNS server is configured with
 a forwarder to the VPC DNS server IP address. On-premises users are unable to resolve names 
in the private hosted zone, although instances in a peered VPC can.
What should you do to provide on-premises users with access to the private hosted zone?

A. Create a proxy resolver within the VPC. Point the on-premises forwarder to the proxy resolver.
B. Modify the network access control list on the VPC to allow DNS queries from on-premises systems.
C. Configure the on-premises server as a secondary DNS for the private zone. Update the NS records.
D. Update the on-premises forwarders with the four name servers assigned to the private hosted zone.

A is correct. Here is a link that provides some detailed explanations on resolving DNS queries between VPCs 
and your network: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/resolver.html

49. Your organization has a newly installed 1-Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection. 
You order the cross-connect from the Direct Connect location provider to the port on your router in the same facility.
 To enable the use of your first virtual interface, your router must be configured appropriately.
What are the minimum requirements for your router?

A. 1-Gbps Multi Mode Fiber Interface, 802.1Q VLAN, Peer IP Address, BGP Session with MD5.
B. 1-Gbps Single Mode Fiber Interface, 802.1Q VLAN, Peer IP Address, BGP Session with MD5.
C. IPsec Parameters, Pre-Shared key, Peer IP Address, BGP Session with MD5
D. BGP Session with MD5, 802.1Q VLAN, Route-Map, Prefix List, IPsec encrypted GRE Tunnel

B

50. Your security team implements a host-based firewall on all of your Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
 instances to block all outgoing traffic. Exceptions must be requested for each specific requirement.
 Until you request a new rule, you cannot access the instance metadata service.
 Which firewall rule should you request to be added to your instances to allow instance metadata access?

A. Inbound; Protocol tcp; Source [Instance’s EIP]; Destination 169.254.169.254
B. Inbound; Protocol tcp; Destination 169.254.169.254; Destination port 80
C. Outbound; Protocol tcp; Destination 169.254.169.254; Destination port 80
D. Outbound; Protocol tcp; Destination 169 .254.169.254; Destination port 443

C

51. A customer has set up multiple VPCs for Dev, Test, Prod, and Management. You need to set up AWS Direct
Connect to enable data flow from on-premises to each VPC. The customer has monitoring software running in the Management VPC that collects metrics from the instances in all the other VPCs. Due to budget requirements, data transfer charges should be kept at minimum.
Which design should be recommended?
A. Create a total of four private VIFs, one for each VPC owned by the customer, and route traffic between VPCs using the Direct Connect link.
B. Create a private VIF to the Management VPC, and peer this VPC to all other VPCs.
C. Create a private VIF to the Management VPC, and peer this VPC to all other VPCs, enable source/ destination NAT in the Management VPC.
D. Create a total of four private VIFs, and enable VPC peering between all VPCs.

A Answer is "A"
Please check this: https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws-amazon-vpc-connectivity-options.pdf
Page: 22,23,24 (AWS Direct Connect)
"AWS Direct Connect makes it easy to establish a dedicated network connection from your premises to 
your Amazon VPC or among Amazon VPCs. This option can potentially reduce network costs, increase bandwidth throughput,
 and provide a more consistent network experience than the other VPC-to-VPC connectivity options.
 You can divide a physical AWS Direct Connect connection into multiple logical connections, one for each VPC.
 You can then use these logical connections for routing traffic between VPCs"

52. Your company runs an application for the US market in the us-east-1 AWS region. 
This application uses proprietary TCP and UDP protocols on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instances. 
End users run a real- time, front-end application on their local PCs. 
This front-end application knows the DNS hostname of the service.
You must prepare the system for global expansion. 
The end users must access the application with lowest latency.
How should you use AWS services to meet these requirements?

A. Register the IP addresses of the service hosts as "A" records with latency-based routing policy
 in Amazon Route 53, and set a Route 53 health check for these hosts.
B. Set the Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer in front of the hosts of the service, 
and register the ELB name of the main service host as an ALIAS record with a latency-based routing policy in Route 53.
C. Set Amazon CloudFront in front of the host of the service, and register the CloudFront name of the main service
 as an ALIAS record in Route 53.
D. Set the Amazon API gateway in front of the service, and register the API gateway name of the main service

I think that since the questions notes that TCP and UDP are proprietary, 
any AWS objects that intercept the packet are not going to work - 
Cloudfront, ELB, etc. So you'll have to use DNS..answer is A.

53. You deploy an Amazon EC2 instance that runs a web server into a subnet in a VPC.
 An Internet gateway is attached, and the main route table has a default route (0.0.0.0/0) configured with
 a target of the Internet gateway.
The instance has a security group configured to allow as follows:
✑ Protocol: TCP
✑ Port: 80 inbound, nothing outbound
The Network ACL for the subnet is configured to allow as follows:
✑ Protocol: TCP
✑ Port: 80 inbound, nothing outbound
When you try to browse to the web server, you receive no response.
Which additional step should you take to receive a successful response?
A. Add an entry to the security group outbound rules for Protocol: TCP, Port Range: 80
B. Add an entry to the security group outbound rules for Protocol: TCP, Port Range: 1024-65535
C. Add an entry to the Network Acl outbound rules for Protocol: TCP, Port Range: 80
D. Add an entry to the Network Acl outbound rules for Protocol: TCP, Port Range: 1024-65535

 D - When the reply packet goes from the web server to internet,
source port =80
destination port = can be anything between 1024-65535
Since NACLs looks at the destination port answer should be D


54. An organization launched an IPv6-only web portal to support IPv6-native mobile clients.
 Front-end instances launch in an Amazon VPC associated with an appropriate IPv6 CIDR. 
The VPC IPv4 CIDR is fully utilized. A single subnet exists in each of two Availability Zones with 
appropriately configured IPv6 CIDR associations.
Auto Scaling is properly configured, and no Elastic Load Balancing is used.
Customers say the service is unavailable during peak load times. 
The network engineer attempts to launch an instance manually and receives the following message: 
"There are not enough free addresses in subnet
‘subnet-12345677’ to satisfy the requested number of instances."
What action will resolve the availability problem?

A. Create a new subnet using a VPC secondary IPv6 CIDR, and associate an IPv6 CIDR. 
Include the new subnet in the Auto Scaling group.
B. Create a new subnet using a VPC secondary IPv4 CIDR, and associate an IPv6 CIDR. 
Include the new subnet in the Auto Scaling group.
C. Resize the IPv6 CIDR on each of the existing subnets. 
Modify the Auto Scaling group maximum number of instances.
D. Add a secondary IPv4 CIDR to the Amazon VPC. Assign secondary IPv4 address space to each of the

B.

55. A Network Engineer is designing a new system on AWS that will take advantage of
 Amazon CloudFront for both content caching and for protecting the underlying origin. 
There is concern that an external agency might be able to access the IP addresses for the applications origin 
and then attack the origin despite it being served by CloudFront.
 Which of the following solutions provides the strongest level of protection to the origin?

A. Use an IP whitelist rule in AWS WAF within CloudFront to ensure that
 only known-client IPs are able to access the application.
B. Configure CloudFront to use a custom header and configure an AWS WAF rule 
on the origins Application Load Balancer to accept only traffic that contains that header.
C. Configure an AWS Lambda@Edge function to validate that
 the traffic to the Application Load Balancer originates from CloudFront.
D. Attach an origin access identity to the CloudFront origin that allows traffic to the origin that originates from

B , Origin Access identity is only valid for s3 origin not ec2 or ALB

56. A network engineer is managing two AWS Direct Connect connections.
 Each connection has a public virtual interface configured with a private ASN. 
The engineer wants to configure active/passive routing between the
Direct Connect connections to access Amazon public endpoints.
 What BGP configuration is required for the on-premises equipment? (Select two.)

A. Use Local Pref to control outbound traffic.
B. Use AS Prepending to control inbound traffic.
C. Use eBGP multi-hop between loopback interfaces.
D. Use BGP Communities to control outbound traffic.
E. Advertise more specific prefixes over one Direct Connect connection.

A and E are the correct answers.

57. You are preparing to launch Amazon WorkSpaces and need to configure the appropriate networking resources.
 What must be configured to meet this requirement?

A. At least two subnets in different Availability Zones.
B. A dedicated VPC with Active Directory Services.
C. An IPsec VPN to on-premises Active Directory
D. Network address translation for outbound traffic.

Answer is A. You can deploy workspaces in Public Subnet and thus NAT is not a requirement.
 NAT Is only needed when Workspaces are in private subnets. 2 Subnets are required

58. You have multiple Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instances running a web server in a VPC 
configured with security groups and NACL. You need to ensure layer 7 protocol level logging of all network traffic
(ACCEPT/REJECT) on the instances. What should be enabled to complete this task?

A. CloudWatch Logs at the VPC level
B. Packet sniffing at the instance level
C. VPC flow logs at the subnet level
D. Packet sniffing at the VPC level

Flow logs are L4 only. The question clearly says L7 logging. 
The decision is between B&D. There is no way/option to take packet captures at a VPC level,
 you have to do it at interface level so its B.

59. Your company operates a single AWS account.
 A common services VPC is deployed to provide shared services, such as network scanning and compliance tools. 
Each AWS workload uses its own VPC, and each
VPC must peer with the common services VPC. You must choose the most efficient and cost effective approach.
Which approach should be used to automate the required VPC peering?

A. AWS CloudTrail integration with Amazon CloudWatch Logs to trigger a Lambda function.
B. An OpsWorks Chef recipe to execute a command-line peering request.
C. Cfn-init with AWS CloudFormation to execute a command-line peering request.
D. An AWS CloudFormation template that includes a peering request.

What about D
https://cloakable.irdeto.com/2017/10/11/how-to-implement-vpc-peering-between-2-vpcs-in-the-same-aws-account-using-cloudformation

60. Your organization requires strict adherence to a change control process for its Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
(EC2) and VPC environments. The organization uses AWS CloudFormation as the AWS service to control and implement changes.
 Which combination of three services provides an alert for changes made outside of AWS
CloudFormation? (Select three.)

A. AWS Config
B. AWS Simple Notification Service
C. AWS CloudWatch metrics
D. AWS Lambda
E. AWS CloudFormation
F. AWS Identify and Access Management

A,B,D  ??
* AWS Config will see all configuration changes an be able to fire a trigger towards AWS Lambda for it.
* AWS Lambda will be able to determine if the change was caused due to CloudFormation, in which case nothing happens.
 If the change was not due to CloudFormation the AWS Lambda process will call AWS Simple Notification Service.
* AWS Simple Notification Service will send out the alert.

61. You have a global corporate network with 153 individual IP prefixes in your internal routing table.
 You establish a private virtual interface over AWS Direct Connect to a VPC that has an Internet gateway (iGW). 
All instances in the VPC must be able to route to the Internet via an IGW and route to the global corporate network via the
VGW.
How should you configure your on-premises BGP peer to meet these requirements?
A. Configure AS-Prepending on your BGP session
B. Summarize your prefix announcement to less than 100
C. Announce a default route to the VPC over the BGP session
D. Enable route propagation on the VPC route table

answer is B. Check the BGP session if it changes from established to idle state

For private Direct Connect VIFs, verify the number of routes that you are advertising over the BGP session.
 If you are advertising more than 100 routes over the BGP session, the BGP session will go into an idle state. 
Summarize the routes so the number of advertised routes is less than 100, or advertise a default route over the BGP session to AWS.

62. You are building an application that provides real-time audio and video services to customers on the Internet.
The application requires high throughput. To ensure proper audio and video transmission, minimal latency is required.
Which of the following will improve transmission quality?
A. Enable enhanced networking
B. Select G2 instance types
C. Enable jumbo frames
D. Use multiple elastic network interfaces

A is correct. With G3 instances, Enhanced Networking using the Elastic Network Adapter (ENA)
 with 25 Gbps of aggregate network bandwidth within a Placement Group.
Link: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/

63. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) merchants that handle credit card data must use strong cryptography.
 These merchants must also use security protocols to protect sensitive data during transmission over public networks.
You are migrating your PCI DSS application from on-premises SSL appliance and Apache to a VPC behind
Amazon CloudFront.
How should you configure CloudFront to meet this requirement?

A. Configure the CloudFront Cache Behavior to require HTTPS and the CloudFront Origin’s Protocol Policy to ‘Match Viewer’.
B. Configure the CloudFront Cache Behavior to allow TCP connections and to forward all requests to the origin
   without TLS termination at the edge.
C. Configure the CloudFront Cache Behavior to require HTTPS and to forward requests to the origin via AWS Direct Connect.
D. Configure the CloudFront Cache Behavior to redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS and to forward request to

A. Ref: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/distribution-web-values-specify.html#DownloadDistValuesOriginProtocolPolicy

64. You deploy your Internet-facing application is the us-west-2(Oregon) region.
 To manage this application and upload content from your corporate network, 
you have a 1Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection with a private virtual interface via one of the associated Direct Connect locations. 
In normal operation, you use approximately 300 Mbps of the available bandwidth,
 which is more than your Internet connection from the corporate network.
You need to deploy another identical instance of the application is us-east-1(N Virginia) as soon as possible.
You need to use the benefits of Direct Connect. Your design must be the most effective solution regarding cost,
 performance, and time to deploy.
Which design should you choose?

A. Use the inter-region capabilities of Direct Connect to establish a private virtual interface
 from us-west-2 Direct Connect location to the new VPC in us-east-1.
B. Deploy an IPsec VPN over your corporate Internet connection to us-east-1 to provide access to the new VPC.
C. Use the inter-region capabilities of Direct Connect to deploy an IPsec VPN over a public virtual interface 
to the new VPC in us-east-1.
D. Use VPC peering to connect the existing VPC in us-west-2 to the new VPC in us-east-1, and then route


The question is about cost-efficient, performance and time to deploy
b: performance is worse than the DX, because the bandwidth can not be guaranteed. not correct
c: public virtual interface to access a different VPC. not correct
d: peering does not work, because it has to be congealed to the corporate network. Keyword transitive routing. not correct

a: DX and inter-region capabilities, private virtual interface.
it is efficent, fast to deploy, has a good performance and takes advantage of the DX. correct answer.

65. Your company has a 1-Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection to AWS. 
Your company needs to send traffic from on-premises to a VPC owned by a partner company.
 The connectivity must have minimal latency at the lowest price.
Which of the following connectivity options should you choose?

A. Create a new Direct Connect connection, and set up a new circuit to connect to the partner VPC using a private virtual interface.
B. Create a new Direct Connect connection, and leverage the existing circuit to connect to the partner VPC.
C. Create a new private virtual interface, and leverage the existing connection to connect to the partner VPC.
D. Enable VPC peering and use your VPC as a transitive point to reach the partner VPC.

Source - On prem
Destination - Partner company VPC
This traffic flow will be not routed by the direct connect owned vpc because neither the source or
 destination is not an IP address associated with it. I think the answer is C

1-3. An organization wants to process sensitive information using the Amazon EMR service. 
The information is stored in on-premises databases. The output of processing will be encrypted using AWS KMS
 before it is uploaded to a customer-owned Amazon S3 bucket. 
The current configuration includes a VPS with public and private subnets, with VPN connectivity to the on-premises network. 
The security organization does not allow Amazon EC2 instances to run in the public subnet.
What is the MOST simple and secure architecture that will achieve the organization's goal?

A. Use the existing VPC and configure Amazon EMR in a private subnet with an Amazon S3 endpoint.
B. use the existing VPS and a NAT gateway, and configure Amazon EMR in a private subnet with an Amazon S3 endpoint.
C. Create a new VPS without an IGW and configure the VPN and Amazon EMR in a private subnet with an Amazon S3 endpoint.
D. Create a new VPS without an IGW and configure the VPN and Amazon EMR in a private subnet with an Amazon S3 endpoint 
and a NAT gateway.

Answer: B
A - incorrect - needs access to the internet for KMS, thus NAT gateway/instance
B - correct
C - incorrect - requires internet access to access KMS, no NAT, no IGW
D - incorrect - requires internet access for the NAT gateway, no IGW, this no KMS access

S3 endpoint given in all answers, no internet access required

Encrypting/Decrypting S3 objects using CSE-KMS, requires
- access to a KMS VPC endpoint interface (which was not specified); or
- access to the public AWS KMS service over the internet

Given a KMS VPC endpoint is not mentioned, Internet access is needed (via IGW)
- ref https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/services-emr.html
- ref https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/kms-vpc-endpoint.html (CSE-KMS)
(Rules out C,D)

Thus, if an EMR (EC2) cluster is in a "private" network, it requires both
- a NAT instance or NAT Gateway
- an IGW to access the internet (public KMS service)
(Rules out A, C, D)
Assumes VPS is VPC, given you can't attach an IGW to a VPS

1-4. An organization has three AWS accounts with each containing VPCs in Virginia, Canada and the Sydney regions. 
The organization wants to determine whether all available Elastic IP addresses (EIPs) in these accounts are attached to
 Amazon EC2 instances or in use elastic network interfaces (ENIs) in all of the specified regions for compliance and 
cost-optimization purposes.
Which of the following meets the requirements with the LEAST management overhead?

A. use an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to schedule an AWS Lambda function in each account in
 all three regions to find the unattached and unused EIPs.
B. Use a CloudWatch event bus to schedule Lambda functions in each account in
 all three regions to find the unattached and unused EIPs.
C. Add an AWS managed, EIP-attached AWS Config rule in each region in 
all three accounts to find unattached and unused EIPs.
D. Use AWS CloudFormation StackSets to deploy an AWS Config EIP-attached rule in all accounts and 
regions to find the unattached and unused EIPs

D is answer - same as C but Least management overhead  ??
A stack set lets you create stacks in AWS accounts across regions by using a single AWS CloudFormation template. 
All the resources included in each stack are defined by the stack set's AWS CloudFormation template.
 As you create the stack set, you specify the template to use, as well as any parameters and capabilities that template requires.


1-5. A Systems Administrator is designing a hybrid DNS solution with spilt-view. 
The apex-domain "example.com" should be served through name servers across multiple top-level domains (TLDs). 
The name server for subdomain "dev.example.com" should reside on-premises. The administrator has decided to use Amazon
Route 53 to achieve this scenario.
What procedurals steps must be taken to implement the solution?

A. Use a Route 53 public hosted zone for example.com and a private hosted zone for dev.example.com
B. Use a Route 53 public and private hosted zone for example.com and perform subdomain delegation for dev.example.com
C. Use a Route 53 public hosted zone for example.com and perform subdomain delegation for dev.example.com
D. Use a Route 53 private hosted zone for example.com and perform subdomain delegation for dev.example.com

Answer is B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/hosted-zone-private-considerations.html --> check Split-view DNS

1-6. DNS name resolution must be provided for services in the following four zones: 
company.private.
 emea.company.private. 
apac.company.private. 
amer.company.private.
The contents of these zones is not considered sensitive, however, the zones only need to be 
used by services hosted in these VPCs, one per geographic region.
Each VPC should resolve the names in all zones.
How can you use Amazon route 53 to meet these requirements?

A. Create a Route 53 Private Hosted Zone for each of the four zones and associate them with the three VPCs.
B. Create a single Route 53 Private Hosted Zone for the zone company.private and associate it with the three VPCs.
C. Create a Route Public Hosted Zone for each of the four zones and configure the VPS DNS Resolver to forward
D. Create a single Route 53 Public Hosted Zone for the zone company.private and configure the VPS DNS Resolver to forward

Answer: B
(Support for overlapping zones is new Nov 2019, not when this exam was written, otherwise A)

You can create record sets (A, SRV, TXT, etc) with multi-level subdomains. For instance in the zone [company.private], we can create A records
globalserver.[company.private]
apacserver1.apac.[company.private]
amerserver5.amer.[company.private]
mail.emea.[company.private]
emea.[company.private]
From a client perspective in this scenario, this is no different than creating a sub zone with the record.

1-7. An organization is replacing a tape backup system with a storage gateway. there is currently no connectivity to AWS.
 Initial testing is needed.
What connection option should the organization use to get up and running at minimal cost?

A. Use an internet connection.
B. Set up an AWS VPN connection.
C. Provision an AWS Direct Connection private virtual interface.
D. Provision a Direct Connect public virtual interface.

A.

1-8. All IP addresses within a 10.0.0.0/16 VPC are fully utilized with application servers across two Availability Zones. 
The application servers need to send frequent
UDP probes to a single central authentication server on the Internet to confirm that is running up-to-date packages.
 The network is designed for application servers to use a single NAT gateway for internal access. 
Testing reveals that a few of the servers are unable to communicate with the authentication server.

A. The NAT gateway does not support UDP traffic.
B. The authentication server is not accepting traffic.
C. The NAT gateway cannot allocate more ports.
D. The NAT gateway is launched in a private subnet.

C. Ref: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-nat-gateway.html
"A NAT gateway can support up to 55,000 simultaneous connections to each unique destination. 
This limit also applies if you create approximately 900 connections per second to a single destination 
(about 55,000 connections per minute). If the destination IP address, the destination port, or 
the protocol (TCP/UDP/ICMP) changes, you can create an additional 55,000 connections. For more than 55,000 connections, 
there is an increased chance of connection errors due to port allocation errors. These errors can be monitored by
 viewing the ErrorPortAllocation CloudWatch metric for your NAT gateway. For more information, see Monitoring 
NAT Gateways Using Amazon CloudWatch."

1-9. An organization is using a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. When the security group rules for a set of instances 
were initially configured, access was restricted to allow traffic only to the IP addresses of the Amazon S3 API endpoints 
in the region from the published JSON file. The application was working properly, but now is logging a growing number
 of timeouts when connecting with Amazon S3. No internet gateway is configured for the VPC.
Which solution will fix the connectivity failures with the LEAST amount of effort?

A. Create a Lambda function to update the security group based on AmazonIPSpaceChanged notifications.
B. Update the VPC routing to direct Amazon S3 prefix-list traffic to the VPC endpoint using the route table APIs.
C. Update the application server's outbound security group to use the prefix-list for Amazon S3 in the same region.
D. Create an additional VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the same route table to scale the concurrent connections to Amazon.

Its C. They say that when the SG was made, they looked at the IPs published in the Prefix list at the time. 
These IPs change hence they recommend never to put IPs manually and use the prefix list instead. Hence,
 C is the right approach to use the prefix-list so when the IPs change, they will be automatically updated by AWS.

1-10. A bank built a new version of its banking application in AWS using containers that content to an on-premises database 
over VPN connection. This application version requires users to also update their client application. 
The bank plans to deprecate the earlier client version. However, the company wants to keep supporting 
earlier clients through their on-premises version of the application to serve a small portion of the customers 
who haven't yet upgraded.
What design will allow the company to serve both newer and earlier clients in the MOST efficient way?

A. Use an Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy to route older client traffi
c to the on-premises application version and the rest of the traffic to the new AWS based version.
B. Use a Classic Load Balancer for the new application. Route all traffic to the new application
 by using an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer DNS. Define a user-agent-based rule on the backend servers to redirect earlier clients to the on-premises application.
C. Use an Application Load Balancer for the new application. Register both the new and 
earlier applications as separate target groups and use path-based routing to route traffic based on the application version.
D. Use an Application Load Balancer for the new application. Register both the new and
 earlier application backends as separate target groups. Use header- based routing to route traffic based on the application version.

I'll go for D. User-Agent is a HTTP Header which Contains a characteristic string that allows the network protocol
 peers to identify the application type, operating system, software vendor or software version of the requesting 
software user agent. ALB has the capability to route based on headers, no other ELB has that capability.
C could be true but they dont mention if the new and old apps have different URLs so D is the likely answer IMO

1-11. A company is deploying a non-web application on an AWS load balancer. All targets are servers located on-premises 
that can be accessed by using AWS Direct
Connect. The company wants to ensure that the source IP addresses of clients connecting to the application are passed
 all the way to the end server.
How can this requirement be achieved?

A. Use a Network Load Balancer to automatically preserve the source IP address.
B. Use a Network Load Balancer and enable the X-Forwarded-For attribute.
C. Use a Network Load Balancer and enable the ProxyProtocol v2 attribute.
D. Use an Application Load Balancer to automatically preserve the source IP address in the X-Forwarded-For header.

Its C. The trick here is that the instances are on-prem. NLB automatically preserves Source IP
 if the target is created using the EC2 Instance-id and not hard coded IP.
 As the backend servers are on-prem, A cant preserve source IP.

The Proxy Protocol v2 is an option in NLB which appends the source IP in the TCP packet header.
 https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/load-balancer-target-groups.html#proxy-protocol

1-12. An AWS CloudFormation template is being used to create a VPC peering connection between two existing operational VPCs, 
each belonging to a different AWS account. All necessary components in the "˜Remote' (receiving) account are already in place.
The template below creates the VPC peering connection in the Originating account. It contains these components:
AWSTemplateFormation Version: 2010-09-09
Parameters:
Originating VCId:

Type: String -
RemoteVPCId:

Type: String -
RemoteVPCAccountId:

Type: String -
Resources:
newVPCPeeringConnection:
Type: "˜AWS::EC2::VPCPeeringConnection'
Properties:

VpcdId: !Ref OriginatingVPCId -

PeerVpcId: !Ref RemoteVPCId -
PeerOwnerId: !Ref RemoteVPCAccountId
Which additional AWS CloudFormation components are necessary in the Originating account to create an operational
 cross-account VPC peering connection with AWS CloudFormation? (Select two.)

A. Resources: NewEC2SecurityGroup: Type: AWS::EC2::SecurityGroup
B. Resources: NetworkInterfaceToRemoteVPC: Type: "AWS::EC2NetworkInterface"
C. Resources: newEC2Route: Type: AWS::EC2::Route
D. Resources: VPCGatewayToRemoteVPC: Type: "AWS::EC2::VPCGatewayAttachment"
E. Resources: newVPCPeeringConnection: Type: "˜AWS::EC2VPCPeeringConnection' PeerRoleArn: !Ref PeerRoleArn

Its A and C. You setup route and security group with CIDR of remote VPC
E is not even an option in EC2 CloudFormation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/AWS_EC2.html
A. Nope. No SG requirements given.
B. Nope.
D. IGW / VGW. Nope.
C. Yes. Add route to route table to make VPC-peering routable/reachable.
E. Yes. As this is cross-account, you must specify an IAM role if cross account.
Answer. C E

1-13. A Network Engineer is provisioning a subnet for a load balancer that will sit in front of 
a fleet of application servers in a private subnet. There is limited IP space left in the VPC CIDR.
The application has few users now but is expected to grow quickly to millions of users.
What design will use the LEAST amount of IP space, while allowing for this growth?

A. Use two /29 subnets for an Application Load Balancer in different Availability Zones.
B. Use one /29 subnet for the Network Load Balancer. Add another VPC CIDR to the VPC to allow for future growth.
C. Use two /28 subnets for a Network Load Balancer in different Availability Zones.
D. Use one /28 subnet for an Application Load Balancer. Add another VPC CIDR to the VPC to allow for future growth.

answer is C,It says million of users.Only NLB can do it.
 if only the NLB support millions of user then the right answer is C. But i don't know why is not enough with a /29 instead /28.

1-14. A network engineer is deploying an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. 
The instance is reachable within the VPC through its private IP address and from the internet using an elastic IP address. 
Clients are connecting to the instance over the Internet and within the VPC, 
and the application needs to be identified by a single custom Fully Qualified Domain Name 
that is publicly resolvable """˜app.example.com'.
Instances within the VPC should always connect to the private IP to minimize data transfer costs.
How should the engineer configure DNS to supprot these requirements?

A. Use Amazon Route 53 to create a geo-based routing entry for the hostname "˜app' in the DNS zone "˜example.com'.
B. Create two A record entries for "˜app' in the DNS zone "˜example.com' "" one for the public IP and one for the private IP.
C. Use Route 53 to create an ALIAS record to the public DNS name for the instance.
D. Create a CNAME for "˜app' in the DNS zone "˜example.com' to the public DNS name for the Amazon EC2 instance.

B> Spilt-View DNS  or D ???

1-15. A company uses a single connection to the internet when connecting its on-premises location to AWS. 
It has selected an AWS Partner Network (APN) Partner to provide a point-to-point circuit for its first-ever 10 Gbps 
AWS Direct Connect connection.
What steps must be taken to order the cross-connect at the Direct Connect location?

A. Obtain the LOA/CFA from the APN Partner when ordering connectivity. 
Upload it to the AWS Management Console when creating a new Direct Connect connection. 
AWS will ensure that the cross-connect is installed.
B. Obtain the LOA/CFA from the AWS Management Console when ordering the Direct Connect connection. 
Provide it to the APN Partner when ordering connectivity. The Direct Connect partner will ensure that the cross-connect is installed.
C. Obtain the LOA/CFA each from the AWS Management Console and the APN Partner. 
Provide both to the Facility Operator of the Direct Connect location. The Facility Operatir will ensure that the cross-connect is installed.
D. Identify the APN Partner in the AWS Management Console when creating the Direct Connect connection. 
Provide the resulting Connection ID to the APN Partner, who will ensure that the cross-connect is installed.

B : https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/UserGuide/create-connection.html

1-18. An organization's Security team has a requirement that all data leaving its on-premises data center
 be encrypted at the network layer and use dedicated connectivity. 
There is also a requirement to centrally log all traffic flow in Amazon VPC environments. 
An AWS Direct Connect connection has been ordered to build out this design.
What steps should be taken to ensure that connectivity to AWS meets these security requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Provision a public virtual interface on AWS Direct Connect and set up a VPN to each VPC.
B. Provision a private virtual interface for each VPC connection.
C. Enable VPC Flow Logs for each VPC.
D. Use AWS KMS to encrypt traffic between on-premises and AWS.
E. Provision a VPN connection to each VPC over the internet.

B. No network security.
D. same as above.
E. Question states DX link is available. Nope.
C. Yes.
A. Yes.
It cannot be PVIF - it has no encryption. There is only viable answer with the question stating the con

1-19. A company has an application running on Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet that connects to 
a third-party service provider's public HTTP endpoint through a NAT gateway. 
As request rates increase, new connections are starting to fail. 
At the same time, the ErrorPortAllocation Amazon CloudWatch metric count for the NAT gateway is increasing.
Which of the following actions should improve the connectivity issues? (Choose two.)

A. Allocate additional elastic IP addresses to the NAT gateway.
B. Request that the third-party service provider implement HTTP keepalive.
C. Implement TCP keepalive on the client instances.
D. Create additional NAT gateways and update the private subnet route table to introduce the new NAT gateways.
E. Create additional NAT gateways in the public subnet and split client instances into multiple private subnets, 
each with a route to a different NAT gateway.

C, and E.
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/vpc-resolve-port-allocation-errors/
Limit the number of connections that clients can make to a single destination.
 Keeplive reduce the number of new connection establish.

1-20. An application runs on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances in a VPC. 
All instances can reach one another using private IP addresses. 
The application owner has a new requirement that the domain name received via DHCP should be 
different for a particular set of instances that are currently in one particular subnet.
What changes should be made to meet this requirement while continuing to support the existing application requirements?

A. Modify the existing DHCP option set and specify the different domain name for the specified subnet.
B. Create a new DHCP option set with the different domain name, associate it with the specified subnet, 
and re-launch the Amazon EC2 instances.
C. Create a new subnet, configure the DHCP option set with the different domain name, and re-launch the required instances there.
D. Create a new peered VPC, configure the DHCP option set with the different domain name, and re-launch the required instances there.

D. Because DHCP option is only associated with VPC.

1-21. A Network Engineer has enabled VPC Flow Logs to troubleshoot an ICMP reachability issue for 
an echo reply from an Amazon EC2 instance. The flow logs reveal an ACCEPT record for the request from
 the client to the EC2 instance, and a REJECT record for the response from the EC2 instance to the client.
What is the MOST likely reason for there to be a REJECT record?

A. The security group is denying inbound ICMP.
B. The network ACL is denying inbound ICMP.
C. The security group is denying outbound ICMP.
D. The network ACL is denying outbound ICMP.

D. Security group is state full, since inbound is allow, outbound is allow to

1-22. An organization has multiple applications running in VPCs across multiple AWS accounts. 
The network engineer has deployed a central VPC with a pair of software VPN instances that 
run IPSec tunnels with dynamic routing to VGWs of all application VPCs. This central VPC is connected to
 on-premises resources via a Direct Connect connection using a private VIF.
What additional configuration is required to enable the applications in VPCs to communicate with 
each other and access on-premises resources?

A. Configure each application VPC with a static route entry pointing the on-premises CIDR block to the software VPN instances.
B. Configure the central VPC with a static route entry pointing the on-premises CIDR block to local VGWs.
C. Advertise all application VPC CIDR blocks to on-premises resources via the VGW in the central VPC.
D. Configure IPSec tunnels from the on-premises router into the software VPN instances with dynamic routing.

C. To leverage the dynamic routing already in place    D??
the VGW is not directly attached to the VPC => https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/cisco-based-transit-vpc/appendix-d.html

1-23. A Network Engineer needs to create a public virtual interface on the company's AWS Direct Connect connection
 and only import routes which originated from the same region as the Direct Connect location
What action should accomplish this?

A. Configure a prefix list on the customer router containing the AWS IP address ranges for the specific region.
B. Configure a filter on the company's router to only import routes with the 7224:8100 BGP community attribute.
C. Configure a filter on the company's router to only import routes without a BGP community attribute and a maximum path length of 3.
D. Configure a filter in the console and only allow routes advertised by AWS 
without a BGP community attribute and a maximum path length of 3.

AWS Direct Connect applies the following BGP communities to its advertised routes:

Answer - B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/UserGuide/routing-and-bgp.html
7224:8100—Routes that originate from the same AWS Region in which the AWS Direct Connect point of presence is associated.

1-24. A network engineer has configured a private hosted zone using Amazon Route 53.
 The engineer needs to configure health checks for record sets within the zone that are associated with instances.
How can the engineer meet the requirements?

A. Configure a Route 53 health check to a private IP associated with the instances inside the VPC to be checked.
B. Configure a Route 53 health check pointing to an Amazon SNS topic that notifies an
 Amazon CloudWatch alarm when the Amazon EC2 StatusCheckFailed metric fails.
C. Create a CloudWatch metric that checks the status of the EC2 StatusCheckFailed metric,
 add an alarm to the metric, and then create a health check that is based on the state of the alarm.
D. Create a CloudWatch alarm for the StatusCheckFailed metric and choose Recover this instance, selecting a threshold value of 1.

C - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-private-hosted-zones.html

1-25. An architecture is being designed to support an Amazon WorkSpaces deployment of 1,000 desktops.
Which architecture will support this deployment while allowing for future expansion?

A. A VPC with a /16 CIDR and one /21 subnet
B. A VPC with a /20 CIDR and two /21 subnets
C. A VPC with a /16 CIDR and one /22 subnet
D. A VPC with a /20 CIDR and two /23 subnets

B or D??
Each desktop requires two NIC - primary network interface (eth1) and management network interface (eth0). 
Requires two subnets - both subnet can be private with NATGW.
 This means 1 desktop requires 2 x IPs in two subnets; 1000 desktops requires 2 x 1000 IPs in two subnets.
D. /23 gives us 512 IPs - not an option for 1000 desktop
C. one /22 - WorkSpaces requires 2 x VPC subnets
B. two /21 within a /20 - this is a good one to host 1000 primary interface eth1 + 1000 management IPs eth0
A. one /21 - WorkSpaces requires 2 x VPC subnets

1-26. An organization is deploying an application in a VPC that requires SSL mutual authentication with 
a client-side certificate, as that is the primary method of identifying clients. 
The Network Engineer has been tasked with defining the mechanism used within AWS to provide the SSL mutual authentication.
Which of the following options meets the organization's requirements?

A. Use a Classic Load Balancer and upload the client certificate private keys to it.
 Perform SSL mutual authentication of the client-side certificate there.
B. Use a Network Load Balancer with a TCP listener on port 443, and pass the request through for 
the SSL mutual authentication to be handled by a backend instance.
C. Use an Application Load Balancer and upload the client certificate private keys to it 
by using the native server name indication (SNI) features with smart certificate selection to handle multiple calling applications.
D. Front the application with Amazon API Gateway, and use its client-side SSL mutual authentication feature 
that uses the backend instances to verify the source of the request.

B. Interestingly both ELB and ALB none does support SSL mutual authentication.
 NLB can pass-through the request to backend EC2 and mutual SSL auth is managed by EC2.
A - incorrect - not possible to upload certificates to the Classic Load Balancer - 
upload to ACM or IAM. Plus client cert private keys would be kept with the client
B - correct - Configure NLB for TCP, which is in effect pass-through. 
Application [web] service is where client side authentiction is enabled.
C - incorrect - cannot use the ALB to perform client side authentication. 
it performs server-side authentication. Also, client-side auth keeps the private key with the client, not the server
D - incorrect - no such thing as mutual auth feature in API gateway - its could be provided by other backend services

1027. A network architect is designing an internet website. It has web, application, and database tiers 
that will run in AWS. The website uses Amazon DynamoDB.
Which architecture will minimize public exposure of the back-end instances?

A. A VPC with public subnets for the NLB, public subnets for the web tier, 
private subnets for the application tier, and private subnets for DynamoDB.
B. A VPC with public subnets for the ALB, private subnets for the web tier, 
and private subnets for the application tier. The application tier connects DynamoDB through a VPC endpoint.
C. A VPC with public subnets for the ALB, public subnets for the web tier,
 private subnets for the application tier, and private subnets for DynamoDB.
D. A VPC with public subnets for the NLB, private subnets for the web tier, 
and public subnets for the application tier. The application tier connects DynamoDB through a VPC endpoint.

B - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/vpc-endpoints-dynamodb.html

1-28. A company is connecting to a VPC over an AWS Direct Connect using a private VIF, 
and a dynamic VPN connection as a backup. The company's Reliability
Engineering team has been running failover and resiliency tests on the network and 
the existing VPC by simulating an outage situation on the Direct Connect connection.
 During the resiliency tests, traffic failed to switch over to the backup VPN connection.
How can this failure be troubleshot?

A. Ensure that Bidirectional Forwarding Detection is enabled on the Direct Connect connection
B. Confirm that the same routes are being advertised over both the VPN and Direct Connect.
C. Reconfigure the Direct Connect session from static routes to Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) peering.
D. Configure a virtual private gateway for the VPN and another virtual private gateway for Direct Connect.

Question is a lot simpler when broken down.
A. Nope. BFD gives use quicker detection time, if the same routes are not being advertised then this makes no difference. 
There will be no routes in the routing table so there will be no routing.
C. Nope. Cannot configure DX with static routes.
D. Nope. You need to nail DX + VPN to same VGW for failover to work.
B. Yes. Same routes being advertised, DX will always be preferred. When DX link goes down, BGP state machine kicks in, eventually the VPN routes should be installed in routing table.
Answer is B.

1-29. An organization is migrating its on-premises applications to AWS by using a lift-and-shift approach,
 taking advantage of managed AWS services wherever possible.
 The company must be able to edit the application code during the migration phase.
 One application is a traditional three-tier application, consisting of a web presentation tier,
 an application tier, and a database tier. 
The external calling client applications need their sessions to remain sticky to
 both the web and application nodes that they initially connect to.
Which load balancing solution would allow the web and application tiers
 to scale horizontally independent from one another other?

A. Use an Application Load Balancer at the web tier and a Classic Load Balancer at the application tier.
 Set session stickiness on both, but update the application code to create an application-controlled cookie on the Classic Load Balancer.
B. Use an Application Load Balancer at both the web and application tiers, 
setting session stickiness at the target group level for both tiers.
C. Deploy a web node and an application node as separate containers on the same host, 
using task linking to create a relationship between the pair. Add an Application Load Balancer with
 session stickiness in front of all web node containers.
D. Use a Network Load Balancer at the web tier, and an Application Load Balancer at the application tier.
 Enable session stickiness on the Application Load Balancer, but take advantage of the 
native WebSockets protocols available to the Network Load Balancer.

Based on the above and the following statement: "If you are using multiple layers of Application Load Balancers, 
you can enable sticky sessions on one layer only, because the load balancers would use the same cookie name.",
 it appears that Answer D is correct.

1-30. A team implements a highly available solution using Amazon AppStream 2.0. 
The AppStream 2.0 fleet needs to communicate with resources both in an existing
VPC and on-premises. The VPC is connected to the on-premises environment using an AWS Direct Connect private virtual interface.
What implementation enables on-premises users to connect to AppStream and existing VPC resources?

A. Deploy two subnets into the existing VPC. Add a public virtual interface to 
the Direct Connect connection for users to access the AppStream endpoint
B. Deploy two subnets into the existing VPC. Add a private virtual interface on 
the Direct Connect connection for users to access the AppStream endpoint.
C. Deploy a new VPC with two subnets. Create a VPC peering connection between the 
two VPCs for users to access the AppStream endpoint.
D. Deploy one subnet into the existing VPC. Add a private virtual interface on the 
Direct Connect connection for users to access the AppStream endpoint.

AppStream 2.0 requires a VPC subnet; this can be a private subnet with NATGW. 
Adding a second subnet on a different AZ will add high-availability.

B - is high available AppStream spread across two private subnets.

D is also OK for AppStream2 but not highly available.

1-31. An organization has ordered a new AWS Direct Connect connection. 
The AWS Management Console reports that the connection is available and BGP status is up. 
However, the networking team is not able to reach instances in the VPC using ping on the organization's private IP address
What could cause this connectivity issue? (Choose two.)

A. The VGW is not advertising the correct CIDR range back on-premises.
B. The instance security group does not allow ICMP traffic.
C. A public virtual interface must be configured for Amazon EC2 connectivity.
D. The on-premises router is not advertising the correct CIDR range to AWS.
E. There is a misconfiguration of the bi-directional forwarding detection.

B,D
Might the specific routes are not advertise to Dx .
Security group might be customized and the particular host / icmp is not allowed

1-32. A company has a hybrid IT architecture with two AWS Direct Connect connections to provide high availability. 
The services hosted on-premises are accessible using public IPs, and are also on the 172.16.0.0/16 range. 
The AWS resources are on the 192.168.0.0/18 range. The company wants to use Amazon Elastic Load
Balancing for SSL offloading, health checks, and sticky sessions.
What should be done to meet these requirements?

A. Create a Network Load Balancer pointing to the on-premises server's private IP address.
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the on-premises service and 
 use the public IPs of the on-premises servers as the origin.
C. Create a Network Load Balancer pointing to the on-premises server's public IP address.
D. Create an Application Load Balancer pointing to the on-premises server's private IP address.

D
Need to be perform SSL offload , session sticky,etc.
Also ALB supports on-prem IP address targets.

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-application-load-balancing-via-ip-address-to-aws-on-premises-resources/

1-33. A company deployed its production Amazon VPC using CIDR block 33.16.0.0/16.
 The company has nearly depleted its addresses and now needs to extend the
VPC network.
Which CIDR blocks meet the company's requirement to extend the VPC network with a secondary CIDR? (Choose two.)

A. 33.17.0.0/16
B. 172.16.0.0/18
C. 100.70.0.0/17
D. 192.168.1.0/24
E. 10.0.0.0/8

A & C - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Subnets.html#add-cidr-block-restrictions

1-34. A company is deploying a new web application that uses a three-tier model with a 
public-facing Network Load Balancer and web servers in an Amazon VPC. 
The application servers are hosted in the company's data center. 
There is an AWS Direct Connect connection between the VPC and the company's data center. 
Load testing results indicate that up to 100 servers, equally distributed across multiple Availability Zones, 
are required to handle peak loads.
The Network Engineer needs to design a VPC that has a /24 CIDR assigned to it.
How should the Engineer allocate subnets across three Availability Zones for each tier?

A. Network Load Balancer: /29 per subnet Web: /26 per subnet
B. Network Load Balancer: /28 per subnet Web: /25 per subnet
C. Network Load Balancer: /28 per subnet Web: /27 per subnet
D. Network Load Balancer: /28 per subnet Web: /26 per subnet

D. /26 has 64 IPs, two of them sufficient for 100 servers. And NLB minimum is /28

1-35. Changes made to a security group attached to an Application Load Balancer resulted in
 connectivity issues for a company's production web application. The Network Engineer needs to lock down
 permissions for the company's AWS account, automate auditing for any changes, and set up notifications.
What actions should accomplish this?

A. Configure IAM user policies to lock down permissions for specific users.
 Enable AWS CloudTrail to identify API calls from users. Use AWS Config to audit any changes, 
and configure Amazon SNS to send notifications.
B. Configure IAM user policies to lock down permissions for specific users. 
Enable AWS CloudTrail to identify the API calls from users. 
Configure AWS CodeCommit to audit any changes in configurations, and configure Amazon SNS to send notifications.
C. Configure IAM user policies to lock down permissions for specific users. 
Enable AWS CloudTrail to identify the API calls from users. 
Configure Amazon Macie to use machine learning to identify any configuration changes, and configure Amazon SNS to send notifications.
D. Configure IAM role policies to lock down permissions for specific users. 
Configure Amazon GuardDuty to audit and monitor configuration changes, 
and configure Amazon SNS to send notifications.

A - Guard Duty is not for this use case: https://aws.amazon.com/guardduty/

1-36. A computing team is evaluating whether to place a high performance computing (HPC) application in AWS.
 The team is concerned about application performance and wants to know what options are available
 to increase networking performance.
Which of the following changes would increase performance for this application? (Choose two.)


A. Place the application across many smaller instances to achieve higher total throughput.
B. Increase the MTU of the VPC to 9001.
C. Enable an MTU of 9001 in the application's operating system.
D. Enable enhanced networking on the instances.
E. Deploy the application in two Availability Zones and insert them in one placement group.

Correct answer C, D

A- smaller instances won't increase performance
B- Cannot increase MTU on a VPC
C- correct
D- correct
E- cluster placement group could help, needs to be deployed inside one AZ

1-37. An organization has created a web application inside a VPC and wants to make it available to 200 client VPCs. 
The client VPCs are in the same region but are owned by other business units within the organization.
What is the best way to meet this requirement, without making the application publicly available?

A. Configure the application as an AWS PrivateLink-powered service, 
and have the client VPCs connect to the endpoint service by using an interface VPC endpoint.
B. Enable VPC peering between the web application VPC and all client VPCs.
C. Deploy the web application behind an internet-facing Application Load Balancer 
and control which clients have access by using security groups.
D. Deploy the web application behind an internal Application Load Balancer 
and control which clients have access by using security groups

Answer - A.
private-link provides scalability to provide private connection

1-38. A company's IT Security team needs to ensure that all servers within an Amazon VPC can communicate with
 a list of five approved external IPs only. The team also wants to receive a notification every time any server tries to
 open a connection with a non-approved endpoint.
What is the MOST cost-effective solution that meets these requirements?

A. Add allowed IPs to the network ACL for the application server subnets.
 Enable VPC Flow Logs with a filter set to ALL. Create an Amazon CloudWatch Logs filter on 
the VPC Flow Logs log group filtered by REJECT. Create an alarm for this metric to notify the Security team.
B. Enable Amazon GuardDuty on the account and the specific region. 
Upload a list of allowed IPs to Amazon S3 and link the S3 object to the GuardDuty trusted IP list. 
Configure an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule on all GuardDuty findings to trigger an Amazon SNS notification to the Security team.
C. Add allowed IPs to the network ACL for the application server subnets.
 Enable VPC Flow Logs with a filter set to REJECT. Set an Amazon CloudWatch Logs filter for the log group on every event. 
Create an alarm for this metric to notify the Security team.
D. Enable Amazon GuardDuty on the account and specific region. 
Upload a list of allowed IPs to Amazon S3 and link the S3 object to the GuardDuty threat IP list. 
Integrate GuardDuty with a compatible SIEM to report on every alarm from GuardDuty.

Answer: C
A and C amount to the same result.
However CloudWatch vended ingestion has a price. 
Therefore, send only necessary data to CloudWatch. i.e. filter at the source to reduce volume
 - deliver the filtered results to CloudWatch

1-39. The Security department has mandated that all outbound traffic from a VPC 
toward an on-premises datacenter must go through a security appliance that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance.
Which of the following maximizes network performance on AWS? (Choose two.)

A. Support for the enhanced networking drivers
B. Support for sending traffic over the Direct Connect connection
C. The instance sizes and families supported by the security appliance
D. Support for placement groups within the VPC
E. Security appliance support for multiple elastic network interfaces

A, C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/enhanced-networking.html

1-40. A Network Engineer needs to be automatically notified when a certain TCP port is accessed on 
a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances running in an Amazon VPC.
Which of the following is the MOST reliable solution?

A. Create an inbound rule in the VPC's network ACL that matches the TCP port. 
Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm on the NetworkPackets metric for the ACL 
that uses Amazon SNS to notify the Administrator when the metric is greater than zero.
B. Install intrusion detection software on each Amazon EC2 instance and configure it
 to use the AWS CLI to notify the Administrator with Amazon SNS each time the TCP port is accessed.
C. Create VPC Flow Logs that write to Amazon CloudWatch Logs, 
with a metric filter matching connections on the required port. Create a CloudWatch alarm 
on the resulting metric that uses Amazon SNS to notify the Administrator when the metric is greater than zero.
D. Install intrusion detection software on each Amazon EC2 instance and configure 
it to use the AWS CLI to publish to a custom Amazon CloudWatch metric each time the TCP port is accessed. 
Create a CloudWatch alarm on the resulting metric that uses Amazon SNS to notify the Administrator when the metric is greater than zero

C. Because IDS with CLI is not reliable, what if the CLI failed?

1-41. A network engineer deploys an application in a private subnet in a VPC 
that connects to many external video feed providers using RTMP over the internet. 
A NAT gateway has been deployed in a public subnet and is working as expected.
 From the Amazon EC2 instance, the application is able to connect to all feed providers except one, which hangs when connecting. Manually testing a connection from an Amazon EC2 instance in the public subnet to the problem feed indicates that the feed works as expected.
What is causing this issue?

A. The NAT gateway does not support fragmented packets.
B. The internet gateway only supports an MTU of 1500 bytes.
C. An Amazon EC2 instance expects to communicate with an MTU of 9001.
D. The security group on the instances does not allow PMTUD.

A. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/nat-gateway-troubleshooting.html

1-42. A company has an application running in an Amazon VPC that must be able to communicate with
 on-premises resources in a data center. Network traffic between
AWS and the data center will initially be minimal, but will increase to more than 10 Gbps over the next few months.
 The company's goal is to launch the application as quickly as possible.
The Network Engineer has been asked to design a hybrid IT connectivity solution.
What should be done to meet these requirements?

A. Submit a 1 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection request, 
then increase the number of Direct Connect connections, as needed.
B. Allocate elastic IPs to Amazon EC2 instances for temporary access to on-premises resources,
 then provision AWS VPN connections between an Amazon VPC and the data center.
C. Provision an AWS VPN connection between an Amazon VPC and the data center, 
then submit an AWS Direct Connect connection request. Later, cut over from the VPN connection to one or more Direct Connect connections, as needed.
D. Provision a 100 Mbps AWS Direct Connect connection between an Amazon VPC and the data center,
 then submit a Direct Connect connection request. Later, cut over from the hosted connection to one or more Direct Connect connections, as needed.

C for sure, adding the EIP's to the instances as per B is pointless....i seriously 
don;t understand how some of the answers to these questions have been decided!!

1-43. A company has recently established an AWS Direct Connect connection from its on-premises data center to AWS.
 A Network Engineer has blocked all traffic destined for Amazon S3 over the company's gateway to the internet from
 its on-premises firewall. S3 traffic should only traverse the Direct Connect connection.
Currently, no one in the on-premises data center can access Amazon S3.
Which solution will resolve this connectivity issue?

A. Configure a private virtual interface on the Direct Connect connection. 
Update the on-premises routing tables to choose Direct Connect as the preferred next hop for traffic destined for Amazon S3.
B. Establish an S3 VPC endpoint for the company's Amazon VPC. 
Configure a private virtual interface on the Direct Connect connection. 
Update the on-premises routing tables to choose Direct Connect as the preferred next hop
C. Configure a public virtual interface on the Direct Connect connection. 
Update the on-premises routing tables to choose Direct Connect as the preferred next hop for traffic destined for Amazon S3.
D. Configure a public virtual interface on the Direct Connect connection. 
Establish an AWS managed VPN over the connection. Update the on-premises routing tables 
to choose the VPN connection as the preferred next hop.

Answer: C

A - incorrect - should be a public VIF
B - incorrect - "Endpoint connections cannot be extended out of a VPC. 
Resources on the other side of a VPN connection, VPC peering connection, transit gateway,
 AWS Direct Connect connection, or ClassicLink connection in your VPC cannot use the endpoint 
to communicate with resources in the endpoint service"
C - correct - public VIF to access S3 resources over DX link
D - incorrect - AWS managed VPN is established over the internet, not Direct Connect.
 https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws-amazon-vpc-connectivity-options.pdf

1-44. A company provisions an AWS Direct Connect connection to permit access to 
Amazon EC2 resources in several Amazon VPCs and to data stored in private
Amazon S3 buckets. The Network Engineer needs to configure the company's on-premises router 
for this Direct Connect connection.
Which of the following actions will require the LEAST amount of configuration overhead on the customer router?

A. Configure private virtual interfaces for the VPC resources and for Amazon S3.
B. Configure private virtual interfaces for the VPC resources and a public virtual interface for Amazon S3.
C. Configure a private virtual interface to a Direct Connect gateway for the VPC resources and for Amazon S3.
D. Configure a private virtual interface to a Direct Connect gateway for the VPC resources and a public virtual interface for Amazon S3.

D. S3 is in a public zone and would require a public VIF

1-45. A company has two redundant AWS Direct Connect connections to a VPC. 
The VPC is configured using BGP metrics so that one Direct Connect connection is used as the primary traffic path. 
The company wants the primary Direct Connect connection to fail to the secondary in less than one second.
What should be done to meet this requirement?

A. Configure BGP on the company's router with a keep-alive to 300 ms and the BGP hold timer to 900 ms.
B. Enable Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD) on the company's router with a detection minimum interval of 300 ms and a BFD liveness detection multiplier of 3.
C. Enable Dead Peer Detection (DPD) on the company's router with a detection minimum interval of 300 ms and a DPD liveliness detection multiplier of 3.
D. Enable Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD) echo mode on the company's router and disable sending the Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) IP packet requests.

Ans B

https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/enable-bfd-direct-connect/

1-46. A company's Network Engineering team is solely responsible for deploying VPC infrastructure using AWS CloudFormation.
 The company wants to give its
Developers the ability to launch applications using CloudFormation templates so that subnets can be created using available CIDR ranges.
What should be done to meet these requirements?

A. Create a CloudFormation templates with Amazon EC2 resources that rely on cfn-init and cfn-signals to inform the stack of available CIDR ranges.
B. Create a CloudFormation template with a custom resource that analyzes traffic activity in VPC Flow Logs and reports on available CIDR ranges.
C. Create a CloudFormation template that references the Fn::Cidr intrinsic function within a subnet resource to select an available CIDR range.
D. Create a CloudFormation template with a custom resource that uses AWS Lambda and Amazon DynamoDB to manage available CIDR ranges.

C. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-cidr.html

1-47. A company's web application is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances behind a public Application Load Balancer.
 The application flags malicious requests and uses an AWS Lambda function to add the offending 
IP addresses to the network ACL to block any further request for 24 hours. 
Recently, the application has been receiving more malicious requests, which causes the network ACL to reach its limit of allowed entries.
Which action should be taken to block more IP addresses, without compromising the existing security requirements?


A. Update the AWS Lambda function to remove blocked entries from the network ACL after 2 hours.
B. Update the AWS Lambda function to block malicious IPs in security groups rather than the network ACL.
C. Update the AWS Lambda function to block malicious IPs in AWS WAF attached to the Application Load Balancer.
D. Update the AWS Lambda function to add an additional network ACL to the subnets once the limit 
for the previous ones has been reached.

C. References:
https://aws.amazon.com/waf/faqs/
and
https://bit.ly/3gwC1ou

1-48. A company is using AWS to host all of its applications. Each application is isolated in its own Amazon VPC.
 Different environments such as Development, Test, and Production are also isolated in their own VPCs. 
The Network Engineer needs to automate VPC creation to enforce the company's network and security standards. Additionally, 
the CIDR range used in each VPC needs to be unique.
Which solution meets all of these requirements?

A. Use AWS CloudFormation to deploy the VPC infrastructure and a custom resource to request 
a CIDR range from an external IP address management (IPAM) service.
B. Use AWS OpsWorks to deploy the VPC infrastructure and a custom resource to request 
a CIDR range from an external IP address management (IPAM) service.
C. Use the VPC wizard in the AWS Management Console. Type in the CIDR blocks for the VPC and subnets.
D. Create the VPCs using AWS CLI and use the dry-run flag to validate if the current CIDR range is in use.

A is correct